Crear una prueba de IU codificada controlada por datos
Para probar las distintas condiciones, puede ejecutar las pruebas varias veces con distintos
valores de parámetros.Las pruebas de IU codificada controlada por datos son una forma cómoda de hacerlo.



......CHISTE......

El genio de la programación

Se murió un experto en programación y automatización de sistemas. Llevaba una vida ejemplar,
pero no creía en Dios, por tanto lo mandaron al infierno. Era muy bueno programando y en poco 
tiempo arregló todos los desperfectos en el infierno, dejando todo que funcionara en forma automática, 
sin tener que resetear (apagar y prender) los equipos. Instaló acondicionadores en las oficinas, 
cafeteras automáticas, sistema multicanal de TV en todos los departamentos y puso a funcionar muchos otros servicios.
Dios al enterarse de todo esto lo quiso transferir al paraíso, pero el Diablo se opuso. Dios se molestó y le dijo: 
- ¡Te voy a demandar! 
- Sí, como no, dijo el Diablo con sarcasmo.
- ¿Y dónde encontrarás un buen abogado, si en el paraíso no hay 
..................................


Attend Monitor Class:
1.	Our classmates make their presentation.
2.	We reviewd concepts of Validation and Verification.
3.	I made my presentation.	     1.5	-	  Feb 5, 2016	Done
Attend SQA class:
1.	We reviewed SQA concepts like what the software components are what efforts software developments.
2.	We talked about PM-PO, Architect, Developer, Configuration manager, Tester QA,Tech Writer and Dev OPS.
 	1.5	-	  Feb 5, 2016	Done
Attend English class
1.	How to make a personal resume 	1		  Feb 5, 2016	Done
Attend DEV class:
1.	We practiced Unit Tests.	1.5	-	  Feb 5, 2016	Done
 Tasks SQA class:
1.	Search about  the term BUILT in software development
2.	Search about Built Versioning 
3.	Search about Built versioning tools
4.	Search about Agile metodologies (make much enphasis on scrum) 
5.	Search about Cloud, Dev OPs, Saas, PaaS, IaaS, DaaS  meaning	2	- 	 Feb 5, 2016	In progress
Task DEV class:
1.	Implemet Equals class in a method.
2.	What is the difference between Equals class and equals comparation	1	-	 Feb 5, 2016	In progress
Tasks English
1.	Make our resume	1		 Feb 5, 2016	In progres
Tasks Monitoring class:
1.	Read and review as much as possible of Scrum
2.	 Look for a pairwise testing tool, and try to obtain testing scenarios for a task already gave on classes.
3.	On teams you should work to obtain 3 Uses Cases for your IDs



	  1.5
   1.5
Feb 5, 2016
IN Progress

								 	 			
What will you do tomorrow? 
Attend SQA class.
Attend DEV class.
Attend Monitoring class.
Read Software testing book
Finish Monitoring, SQA Homeworks


